In psuedo code, string tasks

Design Stage
The purpose of this assignment is to create a program that can count number of character mentions
Used a ASCII Table to gather the breakdown of each character
Brainstorm on what the program has to consist of
The program will define numerical values for each ASCII character
  This is to ensure that the code is able to identify each users input
The program will use users input vs files

Implementing Stage

The first step is to review the ASCII code and which character is what number.
Loop through ASCII characters [identified as decimal 0-255]
Create a string with a users chosen character
There are 256 characters in ASCII 
String[ASCII character 3]= decimal 51
add count at 3
String[ASCII character F]= decimal 70 
add count at F
and so on until we have a large number of users inputs
When a user adds their character, the program adds a count at that character.
Where there is a count, the program is built to identify that as a mention
Program reviews all user-entered characters
Program adds each character's total
The three characters that are mentioned by users the most are then pulled out and printed.
After the top three are detected, the program detects all the characters that were not mentioned.
The program is then created to reverse the string order.
The program will first detect what characters were not pulled in from users and print out.
The program will then detect the 3 characters mentioned the most and print it out.
The program adds each character's total.

Testing stage

If a user adds an unknown variable, the program won't be able to identify it as a ASCII character.
If a user puts in the actually ASCII variable will the program be able to identify it or do you need to define every ASCII character to its individual number 0-255
Can a user put more than one character on each line
Or does each character need to inputed individually
What will the program do if there is a tie between four top characters, will it print all of the characters?
Ensure that the system understands every ASCII character and can read them
Ensure that the program is user friendly and can be read easily to enter data or files
