WCK- feedback inlined below with the prefix of WCK-
Overall these are good. It took me a minute to find your format (this is hard to read)
but then I see you have test steps followed by expected results; this is what I'm looking for.

Trevor Taylor, Garred Hawkins, Reagan Mullins, & Shaun Bennett
Solution: a game where the player shoots a missile at ships passing across the screen (like the one I showed you using raptor).
When user initiates a launch (spacebar or right mouse) a missile fires
Ships move across the screen
The solution must support missiles launched by the user
Does a missile launch when the spacebar or the right mouse button are pressed.
The solution must initiate a missile launch when the user clicks the right mouse button.
Does a missile launch?
The solution must initiate a missile launch when the user clicks the space bar.
Does a missile launch?
The solution must limit the number of active missiles on the screen to no more than five (5) at any given time. (an “active missile” is any missile currently being displayed on the screen)
Press the spacebar 6 times. Do only five missiles show?
The solution must remove the missile from being active if it goes off the screen.
Have missile print to console active with its coordinates and screen coordinates.
If the missile still prints to the screen when not being rendered, it has failed.
The solution must maintain the same constant speed for all missiles
Get the missiles’ current coordinates - last updates/frames coordinates, square that number. Store it has the missiles displacement.
Check the missiles displacement and make sure they are all the same.
The solution must launch missiles from the center of the bottom of the screen when a launch is initiated


Press spacebar or click right mouse button, does a missile launch from the center of the bottom screen?
Resize the screen does the missile still launch from the bottom center.
The solution must maintain the same constant direction for all missiles to be vertically straight up from the launched position.
The X coordinate must not have any displacement from launch


The solution must detect when a missile “hits” a ship
Launch missile directly towards ship & see if ship is destroyed
The solution must display an explosion at the point where a missile “hits” a ship
Launch missile directly towards ship & see if explosion animation is activated
If there are different types of ships, ensure they all are reactive to the animation. 
The solution must remove the missile and ship after the missile “hits” the ship
After explosion animation is activated, ensure the ship disappears from display. 
The solution must keep a count of all “hits”
When a missile is launched, if a ship is hit, implement a scoreboard to keep count of all hits. 
The solution must support ships launched by the solution
Ensure that ships are spawning at a consistent rate while user is playing
The solution must initiate a ship launch when the system detects there are no active ships.


The solution must support multiple types of ships based on a configurable value.
Support multiple ship types based on speed
The solution must display the appropriate image based on the type of ship when the ship is active
Differentiate ship image based on speed of ship
WCK- best way to test the image is to set only one type of ship, assign an image, verify that image, 
      then change the image and verify the image changes in the game.

The solution must randomly initiate a ship launch based on a configurable rate where the default is 30% of the time
Test multiple rates of spawning to see if the rate increases or decreases based on the rate chosen.

WCK- I added configuration to the requirements to help with testing. YOu can set the rate to 0% and 
no ships should appear (except there is a requirement that one must appear if none is on the screen, so 
with a 0% rate one and only one ship should appear on the screen). Set to 100%, a constant stream of
new ships should appear until a max of 10 are displayed and then another one appears each time an
active ship goes off the screen. This way you can test multiple requirements with just a few tests.


The solution must randomly choose from available ship types when a launch is initiated, giving all types equal chance of being launched.
Launch multiple ships and see if all ships are frequently appearing at the same rate.
The solution must limit the number of active ships on the screen to no more than ten (10) at any given time. (an “active ship ” is any ship currently being displayed on the screen)
Launch 10 ships then try and launch additional ships to make sure that it limits the number to ten.
The solution must randomly choose a location to launch a ship from when initiated
Launch multiple instances of the game and see if the ship launches from different locations
The system must randomly choose to launch the ship from the left side of the screen or the right side of the screen
Launch multiple ships to see if the ships are randomly spawned.
The system must randomly choose a row in the top two-thirds of the screen to launch the ship from
Launch multiple ships to see if the ships are randomly spawned.
The system must assign the speed of the ship based on the type of the ship being initiated
Launch multiple ships to see if the speeds are different based on the type of ship that are initiated.
The system must assign the direction of the ship based on which side of the screen it is being launched from (if from the left, direction goes left to right; if from the right, direction goes right to left)
Test  multiple ships being launched from the sides of the screen. 
Test to see if the screen being resized during the middle of the launch has an effect.

The solution must remove the ship from being active if it goes off the screen.
Open the game and remove the shop from the screen and see if it removes the ship
If the screen gets resized see if it makes the ship active or inactive based on the size of the shop.
The solution must end the game when the “hit” count has reached ten (10)
Program a way to start the game and automatically get 10 points to see if it will end
The solution must end the game when the user clicks the left mouse button
 Open the game and click the left mouse button and see if it ends the game.
See if another key being held when pressing the left mouse button has an effect or not.
The solution must end the game when the user clicks the esc button
Open the game and hit the esc button
See if another key being held when pressing the esc  button has an effect or not.
The solution must end the game if the user has not initiated a missile launch in the last 5 minutes.
See if the game will close after no inputs in five minutes.


